otel: add an mzcompose for running a local collector (#12657)
MaterializeInc/materialize: misc/opentelemetry/README.md

> An _mzcompose_ file for working with opentelemetry traces locally.
> Primarily adapted from [the opentel rust repo]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# OpenTelemetry development environment

An [mzcompose] composition for working with OpenTelemetry traces locally.
Primarily adapted from [the opentelemetry-rust repo].

[mzcompose]: ../../doc/developer/mzcompose.md
```

### Usage

```
$ ./mzcompose up
$ MZ_OPENTELEMETRY_ENDPOINT="http://localhost:4317" bin/materialized
```

> Go to `http://localhost:16686` in your browser to browse the traces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to <http://localhost:16686> in your browser to browse the traces.
```
